 - do we need [legacy templates](../internal/archive/legacy/retisio-canvas-templates) I dont want any references to examples to disclose the source (no refs to retisio please)
 - please analyze documented features and govenance against documented [best practices](../internal/best-practices). Please fill in any obvious gaps you infer based on relevent sub-topics (secuity, deployment, requirements, acceptance criteria, and Deniniton of Done, etc) <-IMPACTS-> (NFRs, Testing, Telemetry, Process, etc)
 - Relating to, doc/internal/governance/PDRs/PDR-0007-documentation-asset-management.md,  doc/internal/governance/PDRs/PDR-0003-governance-document-lifecycle.md, doc/internal/governance/ADRs/ADR-0002-documentation-first-approach.md, doc/internal/governance/PDRs/PDR-0002-governance-framework.md, and doc/internal/governance/PDRs/PDR-0001-documentation-standards.md, im not sure this is the whole story... first, governance is not the only kind of documentation. I feel like much is said about structure and purpose of Governance topcs, bu how and where will service APIs be documented? How will Asset Doc and Project Doc and User Doc reinforce each other, Stay DRY?, stay acurate and up to date? What about documenting audits, reviews, compliance? What about analysis of compliance to docs? How does the documentation, its structure, its organization, enrich/support/etc SDLC???
 - Related to doc/internal/governance/ADRs/ADR-0004-scala3-technology-stack.md, I wonder if we should add a bit about FP's likely advantage, assuming advances in dev automation will drive adoption of FV/PBT and related, as support for adopting Mill and Scala3?
 - doc/internal/governance/PDRs/PDR-0005-framework-selection-policy.md... I wonder about the current state and direction of Pekko and if, based on that, Akka typed Pekko is still the default choice of actor frameworks when developing in scala3?
 - what are we using for https for local aspects of CICD? must we run everything in GCP or can i use a localfirst model to save movey withought adding undo complexity.
 - related to doc/internal/standards/API-DESIGN-STANDARDS.md. I wonder if it is a good idea to embed permissions in JWT... feel like that can get too large to be useful. wondering if JWT just had roles... course permissioning can be role based (API/TOKEN). we can have service(s)/resource(s) for advanced policy/permission managment if needed. A
 - I look at docs like doc/internal/standards/* and I wonder about the value of having a standards in a directory and if we are determined to describe and follow standards, why are they not expressed as governance?
 - After considering this feedback, what additions and/or updates would you recommend to which files in this project? whould you alter the structure? What is the ideal way to plan and document an execution plan for considering this feedback and addressing it where useful and or needful? How does that impact doc/internal/ROADMAP.md?