I am Anthony Moores, I go by Tony. My personal email address is tmoores@gmail.com. I have a constlting business, TJM Solutions LLC, or TJMSolns for short. My email address related to that business is tmoores@tjm.solutions. The current website is here. I am the sole administrator od tjm solutions, use google workspace (https://workspace.google.com/dashboard) and GCP (AEjHL4PV2GFOmAnzB04QuW4IjvXkNfPLJJohEccrKhFOiipyWEFVjAulpKukRgvhivZKFgRS2OgwafObsvPF_DD0P7_9Ua90glWnxN1zrmLSmPRSt) I also use github name="tmoores-retisio" email="tony@tjm.solutions"

I would like to develop a library of containerized services which I will pilot on TJMSoln's GCP account and later balence across one or more clouds to be determinined later after commercialization is considerd robustly. I would like like to use this project for planning. documentation, notes, etc will be recorded in markdown files to adhere to bestpractices and common linting rules for markdown. the files should be limited to topic and/or purpose and arranged in directories and subdirectories also related to topic/purpose such that discreet topics, purposes and/or scope are the responsibility of single file and not repeated elsewhere (dry) and suitable for seeding a knowledge-base in the future. more complex topics, purposes and/or scope may be composed using a file that referene other files, or according to best practises of markdown. The root is doc, but we will put all files and folders under doc/internal... for now all our work is internal to TJMSolns. file/folder names and structure should be periodically adjusted as compleity grows to optimise organization and retrival.